🤫 Secrets/Config Vars (#636)
cloudflare/workers-docs: content/tooling/wrangler/configuration/_index.md

      This key is optional if you are using a [workers.dev](https://workers.dev) subdomain and is only required when `workers_dev` is false, or excluded from an [environment](/tooling/wrangler/configuration/environments). 

  - `webpack_config`: This is the path to a custom webpack configuration file for your worker. You must specify this field to use a custom webpack configuration, otherwise Wrangler will use a default configuration for you. You can read more [here](/tooling/wrangler/webpack).

  - `workers_dev`: This is a boolean flag that specifies if your worker will be deployed to your [workers.dev](https://workers.dev) subdomain. For more information, please read the [environments documentation](/tooling/wrangler/configuration/environments).

>   - `config_vars`: An object of the text configuration variables that can be directly accessed in a Worker script as text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `config`: An object containing configuration variables that can be directly accessed in a Worker script.
```

      
```

>       config_vars = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      config = {
```

      			FOO = "0f2ac74b498b48028cb68387c421e279" 
      BAR = "068c101e168d03c65bddf4ba75150fb0" 
      }
```
      

>       Note: Using secrets should be handled using Wrangler's [Secrets Commands](/tooling/wrangler/secret/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note: Using secrets should be handled using [`wrangler secret`](/tooling/wrangler/secret/).
```
